Add Vue2 Vuetify Renderer Set (#227)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: content/docs/renderer-sets.mdx

The Vue Renderer Set is based on plain HTML with a set of custom styles.
For more information, see the [Vue Vanilla Readme](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/blob/master/packages/vue/vue-vanilla/README.md).

## Vue2 Vuetify Renderer Set

The Vue2 Vuetify Set provides a Vuetify based renderer set for JSON Forms Vue 2.

> It's not part of the core, but lives in it's own repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not part of the main repository, but lives in its own repository:
```
